Y
for example so good here giving them a
news plus a quick news and that
is going to love a lot as you see we have
new crafter for the 0.9 which johan
he said for those who wonder hey let's go
to move the sticks and we will place it
no no is not mobile, that is, if you have
the 8 sticks in the inventory
automatically you appear the 8
sticks up things do not move them
solitos puts on so that says it's
for futures not yet but in futures
in future versions may already
we can move things to inventory
to change it as I started
so for now not and as you see then
oscurito things which are not
we have the ones we do not have made and the
others that if we already have made them
appear up and with colors icon
also worth noting in this that
everything is stirred, they realize
it's like an order but I do not know
how am I going to work this so we would have
to wait until 0.9 comes out the 0
side in the bulldog in which they go to
add this is supposed to be for 0.9
but they do not specify if in the
Bibles are there or if they are just going to
add up to 0.9 point zero then
As you know there are things that are going to
add up to 0.9 point 1 that does not
add in 0.9 point zero
that's in terms of new graphics you see
beautiful guys I loved my cat and the
another good one is an image of a
village that I did not go up yesterday but good
this image is well burgo can be
notice that there are houses in the water and
houses some measures on others there are houses
that they do not even have like that the
door to others are not giving
where they should give and there are small
errors that you must configure there for
that the houses are already built well but
Well, as you see already already already already villages
Well, they're just a little
cracks but it looks like they're going to
correct and they are are final touches
that are giving the very graphic
edition so that they take out the mobile because
As you also know the one of the
mushroom cows these are also supposed
as far as fit and also and my
administrator told me is that those are
things that are going to add almost to the end
when they were going to take out the mobiles
how good they are adding the latest
things the last touches and this mode
kraft what I liked I loved you guys
but good just wait and so
nothing guys great news
let's wait be final patients
from this month the next start I do not know
just be patient let's hope nothing
get high but I say goodbye until we see
the next